---
title:  "Long awaited life update"
---
Wow, haven't posted on here in awhile! I started Amazon in August full-time as a financial analyst for a small program called "Luxury Stores," 
which operates as a startup with unlimited investor support ;) Jokes aside, it has been an incredible experience so far. Myself and my manager 
are the only finance employees in the program, which means we get to work closely with other business teams and get a full scope of what's going on.

A few unique circumstances have led to a great opportunity for me:
1) my old manager left 3 months in
2) our data engineer left the team
3) my new manager recently had his first child.

Although all of these changes were tough, it meant I had the opportunity to step up, fill some gaps, share my knowledge, and ultimately expand my scope
to something most entry level analysts couldn't fathom!
Here are some of the things I have accomplished in ~5 months.
1) Wrote and managed SQL queries
2) Led weekly business reviews (still do!)
3) Generated a multiple regression ROI model in R (and presented it to leadership)
4) Became a SUMIF/INDEXMATCH expert
5) Managed a giant marketing budget
6) Did accruals (didn't really like this one)
7) Led our yearly operating plan + forecasting (don't ask me how the excel file hasn't broken).

I decided not to rotate and stay with my current team, as I feel it's the best learning opporunity and career choice. I can't wait to see where I am in another 5 months.

<span style="color:navy"> Hannah </span>
